---
date: "August 23 2023 08:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/0d3bb74e
# image: ep31.png
title: "Write Solidity on Solana with Solang"
longTitle:
  "Write Solidity on Solana with Solang (feat. Sean Young, Solana Labs)"
description:
  "A conversation with the compiler engineer behind Solang, which allows EVM
  developers to write Solidity code and deploy it on the Solana blockchain."
tags: ethereum, solidity, compiler, technical
duration: 54m 59s
---

The creator and lead developer of Solang,
[Sean Young](https://twitter.com/iamseanyoung), a compiler that allow developers
to write Solana programs (aka smart contracts) in the Solidity programming
language. This has been a multi year effort to allow existing Solidity
developers, like all those existing in the Ethereum ecosystem, to use their
existing language knowledge to write Solidity smart contracts on the Solana
blockchain.

Sean describes how he started his developer journey in the blockchain space,
starting as writing his own compiler for the Solidity programming language for a
EVM compatible blockchain for the purpose of processing traditional documents.

Sean began hitting roadblocks when he was trying to add new features into the
Solidity language, which is effectively only used for Ethereum and EVM
compatible blockchains and maintained by the Ethereum community.

As a general overview, Sean describes how a compiler actually works. Including
how compilers like Solang and even native Solana uses LLVM toolkit (Low Level
Virtual Machine) to maximize compatibility for multiple programming languages.

## Words and acronyms used throughout the episode

- solidity - A statically-typed curly-braces programming language designed for
  developing smart contracts that run on Ethereum and most EVM compatible
  blockchains.
- EVM - the Ethereum Virtual Machine - essentially the portion of any Ethereum
  based blockchain that actually runs/executes smart contracts written in the
  Solidity programming language
- EIP - Ethereum Improvement Proposals - standards specifying potential new
  features or processes for Ethereum
- WASM - Web Assembly - is a binary instruction format for a stack-based virtual
  machine
- LLVM - Low Level Virtual Machine - a set of compiler and toolchain
  technologies that can be used to develop a frontend for any programming
  language and a backend for any instruction set architecture.
- Solana specific terms (or at least common in the Solana ecosystem):
  - BPF - Berkeley Packet Filter - a technology used in certain computer
    operating systems for programs that need to, among other things, analyze
    network traffic.
  - SBF (aka SBPF) - Solana Berkeley Packet Filter - this is a custom
    implementation of BPF with tweaks for the Solana runtime and SVM
  - SVM - Solana Virtual Machine - the portion of the Solana runtime that
    actually runs/executes code on the Solana blockchain
  - IDL - Interface Definition Language - generic term for a language that lets
    a program or object written in one language communicate with another program
    written in an unknown language

## Find Sean and Solang online

- Follow Sean on twitter - [@iamseanyoung](https://twitter.com/iamseanyoung)
- [Solang's documentation](https://solang.readthedocs.io/)
- [Solang getting started guide](https://solana.com/developers/guides/solang/getting-started)
