---
date: "Dec 5 2023 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/540aab2e
# image: ep39.png
title: "Building Solflare, the first wallet on Solana"
longTitle:
  "Building the first wallet on Solana (feat. Vidor, founder of Solflare)"
description:
  "Vidor, founder of Solflare, shares why he decided to build the Solflare
  Wallet. Including why he has so much conviction about Solana over other
  blockchains"
tags: solflare, wallet
duration: 1h 2m 16s
---

A conversations with [Vidor](https://twitter.com/vidor_solflare), founder and
CEO of [Solflare](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet).

## Summary

In this conversation, Vidor, the founder of Solflare, discusses building the
wallet and how his past experience across multiple blockchain ecosystems build
his strong confidence in Solana.

He shares his background in software development and his exploration of
different blockchains before discovering Solana. Vidor highlights the
performance and user experience of Solana as a key factor in choosing to build
on the network. He also discusses the transition from a fun project to a
business and the revenue model of wallets. Vidor concludes by sharing his
personal perspective on working on Solflare and the crypto industry.

## Takeaways

The performance and user experience of Solana were key factors in choosing to
build Solflare on the network. Wallets generate revenue through convenience fees
for swaps and by partnering with protocols to bring users and generate volume.

Working on Solflare and in the crypto industry provides a dynamic and exciting
environment, but also comes with challenges in fundraising and dealing with
people.

Vidor's day-to-day involves a mix of operational, product, and technical
meetings, as well as high-level strategic thinking about the future of wallets
and self-custody. The future of self-custody is evolving, and there may be
different approaches for different types of applications.

Wallets play a crucial role in self-custody, especially for financially heavy
applications. Solflare is focused on providing a seamless and user-friendly
experience for managing assets on Solana.

## Find Vidor and Solflare online

- Follow Vidor on twitter -
  [@vidor_solflare](https://twitter.com/vidor_solflare)
- Follow Solflare on twitter -
  [@solflare_wallet](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet)
- Visit the Solflare website - [Solflare.com](https://solflare.com)
