---
date: "Jan 16 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/53e5984c
# image: ep43-flipside-crypto.jpg
title: "Blockchain analytics and data on Flipside Crypto"
longTitle:
  "Blockchain analytics and data on Flipside Crypto (feat. GJ Flannery, Head of
  Community at Flipside)"
description:
  "We discuss how Flipside provides data the Solana ecosystem as a public good.
  Including how analysts can get paid SOL to create analytics dashboard."
tags: flipside, infra, analytics
duration: 1h 3m 22s
---

A conversations with [GJ Flannery](https://twitter.com/GJFlannery19), Head of
Community at Flipside Crypto.

❤️‍🔥 Click here to
[mint this episode as an NFT on Solana](https://solfate.link/mint43) 💪

## Summary

In this conversation, GJ Flannery, the Head of Community at Flipside Crypto,
discusses the onboarding process and documentation for Flipside's data analytics
tool. He also explains how Flipside provides resources for beginners in data
analysis and offers insights into how engineers and project founders can benefit
from Flipside's data and offerings.

GJ explains Flipside's revenue model, which includes a stake delegations from
the Solana Foundation and the distribution of tokens to community members from
their staked validator. He highlights the importance of data transparency and
the public goods provided by Flipside.

He also discusses the infrastructure and maintenance required to keep the data
accessible and up-to-date. The conversation concludes with insights into the
onboarding process for analysts and the involvement of academics in the Flipside
community. We also touch on the distinction between a data analytics provider,
like Flipside, and an indexer or RPC provider.

We wrap with GJ shares his thoughts on the current market trend in the Solana
ecosystem and emphasizes the need for more dApps and localization to drive
adoption.

## Takeaways

- Flipside Crypto provides onboarding and documentation for its data analytics
  tool, making it easy for users to get started.
- Flipside offers resources for beginners in data analysis, including tutorials
  and educational material.
- How Flipside is able to provide access to their data as a free and public
  good, including sharing rewards from their staked validator.
- Engineers and project founders can benefit from Flipside's data and offerings
  for business intelligence and insights.
- There is a distinction between a data analytics provider like Flipside and an
  indexer or [RPC provider](/podcast/37) like triton Helius/Triton.
- The Solana ecosystem is still in its early stages, and there is a need for
  more dApps and localization to drive adoption.

## Find Siong and Jupiter swap online

- Follow GJ on twitter - [@GJFlannery19](https://twitter.com/GJFlannery19)
- Follow Flipside on twitter -
  [@FlipsideCrypto](https://twitter.com/FlipsideCrypto)
- Visit the Flipside website - [FlipsideCrypto.xyz](https://FlipsideCrypto.xyz)
