---
date: "May 7, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/24900aa4
image: ep50-luzid.jpg
title: "Luzid Validator: Solana Test Validator on Steroids with Thorsten"
longTitle:
  "Luzid validator: Solana Test Validator on Steroids with Thorsten (w/
  Thorsten, creator of Luzid)"
description:
  "Thorsten, the creator of the Luzid test validator, describes his journey
  building developer tooling"
tags: luzid, validator
duration: 53m 34s
---

A conversation with [Thorsten](https://twitter.com/thlorenz), the creator of
Luzid, a Solana test validator at light speed.

## Summary

Thorsten, the creator of the Luzid validator, joins James in our first in person
episode. Thorsten shares his unique journey getting into software development
and into Solana, starting as a jazz musician, then a poker player, then writing
poker bots and diving into more development. Including building some of the most
popular developer tooling at Metaplex.

The conversation explores the features and capabilities of Luzid, a tool for
testing Solana programs. James and Thorsten discuss the setup process and
navigate through the [Luzid.app](https://luzid.app), exploring transactions,
accounts, and snapshots. They also discuss the ability to undo actions and
perform regression testing.

Thorsten touches on the future plans for Luzid, including the business model and
collaboration with MagicBlock. The hosts conclude by providing information on
the public release of Luzid and expressing excitement for its potential. This
conversation explores the concept of emotional intelligence and its importance
in various aspects of life. It discusses the definition of emotional
intelligence, its components, and how to develop it. The conversation also
highlights the role of emotional intelligence in leadership and relationships.

## Takeaways

- Luzid is a powerful tool for testing Solana programs, providing features such
  as live state updates, account management, and snapshot functionality.
- With the live account state updates while running the Luzid test validator,
  the speed of performing program testing can been greatly improved.
- The ability to undo actions and perform regression testing makes Luzid a
  valuable tool for developers.
- The future plans for Luzid include collaboration with MagicBlock and the
  development of features such as workspace support and improved installation.
- Luzid is committed to being a public good and will be available for free to
  all users.

## Find Thorsten and Luzid online

- Follow Thorsten on twitter - [@thlorenz](https://twitter.com/thlorenz)
- Checkout the Luzid website - [Luzid.app](https://luzid.app/)
