---
date: "May 14, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/97e6a207
image: ep51-neoswap.jpg
title: "NeoSwap: Smart auctions for perfect swaps"
longTitle:
  "NeoSwap: Smart auctions for perfect swaps (w/ John Ennis, founder of NeoSwap)"
description:
  "Founder of NeoSwap, John Ennis, joins to explain how their AI based smart
  auction system works."
tags: newswap, assets, auctions
duration: 1h 00m 44s
---

A conversation with [John Ennis](https://twitter.com/john_ennis_btc), the
founder of NeoSwap, a multi-way trading platform where everyone wins.

## Summary

NeoSwap is a platform that aims to make assets spendable and provide purchasing
power from assets. The idea of multi-way trading, where complex transactions
involving assets and money can be facilitated, is at the core of NeoSwap.

The founder, John Ennis, has a background in mathematics, AI, and market
research, which led him to develop the NeoSwap algorithm. The algorithm uses
solvers and prediction models to optimize trades and maximize utility for all
parties involved. NeoSwap has developed products like smart auctions and starter
pack finders for gaming (including for
[StarAtlas](https://solfate.com/podcast/29)), which have shown promising results
in improving efficiency and trade volume.

The NeoSwap platform is blockchain-agnostic but has found more success on chains
with denser data and on-chain commitments. The conversation explores the choice
of Solana as a platform, the promise and durability of Bitcoin, the differences
between Solana and Bitcoin cultures, the two-sided war between Ethereum and
Bitcoin, and the value of inscriptions on Bitcoin. It also discusses the dangers
of fiat currency, the importance of commerce and value exchange, and the vision
of NeoSwap for decentralized commerce.

## Takeaways

- Solana offers advantages in terms of speed, low gas fees, and an active
  community, making it an attractive platform for projects.
- Bitcoin provides an alternative to fiat currency and offers durability, but
  its tooling and performance are not as advanced as Solana.
- The culture in Solana is more focused on efficiency and winning in the startup
  world, while Bitcoin attracts more ideologically motivated individuals.
- Inscriptions on Bitcoin provide a new use case and can ensure the blockchain's
  value even after the block reward goes away.
- The vision of NeoSwap is to create a decentralized commerce platform that
  allows for value exchange and matchmaking without the need for centralized
  control.

## Find John and NeoSwap online

- Follow John on twitter - [@john_ennis_btc](https://twitter.com/john_ennis_btc)
- Follow NeoSwap on twitter - [@neoswap_ai](https://twitter.com/neoswap_ai)
- Checkout the NeoSwap website - [NeoSwap.xyz](https://neoswap.xyz/)
