---
date: "May 21, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/8851d105
# image: ep52-alldomains.jpg
title: "Web3 Domains on Solana with AllDomains"
longTitle: "Web3 Domains on Solana with AllDomains (w/ Vlad Toni, founder)"
description:
  "Vlad from AllDomains joins to discuss how AllDomains is tokenizing web2
  domains and building various name based use cases on Solana."
tags: domains, sns, name service
duration: 52m 07s
---

A conversation with [Vlad Toni](https://twitter.com/vladtoni), the founder of
AllDomains, a web3 domain platform on Solana.

## Summary

The conversation covers the background and journey of All Domains, a project
that started with the idea of building social primitives on Solana but pivoted
to focus on tokenizing web2 domains. The discussion explores the vibrant Solana
ecosystem, the advantages of using Solana for domain tokenization, and the
potential use cases for domains in Web3. The conversation also touches on the
challenges of building an infra product and the ongoing development and
integration efforts of All Domains.

In this conversation, Vlad Toni discusses his journey of getting started in
Solana and building on the platform. He emphasizes the need for a bigger goal
and a long-term vision in the fast-paced crypto space. Vlad also highlights the
importance of support and encouragement from the community. He shares his
experience of overcoming challenges and the relentless pursuit of building a
successful product. The conversation concludes with a discussion about future
plans and the unique offering of emoji domains.

## Takeaways

- All Domains started as a project focused on social primitives but pivoted to
  tokenizing web2 domains on Solana.
- Solana's vibrant and noisy ecosystem makes it an ideal blockchain for building
  domains and identities.
- Tokenizing web2 domains on Solana allows for instant domain transfers and
  trading, providing a more efficient and cost-effective solution compared to
  traditional domain registration.
- The future of domains in Web3 includes making them visitable in browsers and
  exploring security features that leverage on-chain resolution. Having a clear
  goal and long-term vision is crucial in the fast-paced crypto space.
- Support and encouragement from the community can make a significant difference
  in the success of a project.
- Overcoming challenges and persisting through difficult times is essential for
  building a successful product.
- Exploring unique offerings, such as emoji domains, can provide new
  opportunities in the blockchain space.

## Find Vlad and AllDomains online

- Follow Vlad on twitter - [@vladtoni](https://twitter.com/vladtoni)
- Follow AllDomains on twitter -
  [@AllDomains\_](https://twitter.com/AllDomains_)
- Checkout the AllDomains website - [AllDomains.id](https://alldomains.id)
