---
date: "May 28, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/173d9bae
image: ep53-keystone.jpg
title: "Evolution of the Keystone Hardware Wallet"
longTitle: "Evolution of the Keystone Hardware Wallet (feat. Lixin, founder)"
description:
  "Keystone's unique hardware wallet is open source, has a large touch screen,
  and a is fully airgapped."
tags: wallet, hardware
duration: 56m 11s
---

A conversation with [Lixin](https://x.com/BitcoinLixin), the founder of Keystone
Wallet, an open source hardware wallet that is fully airgapped and has a
touchscreen.

## Summary

The conversation covers the introduction and background of the Lixin, an
overview of Keystone wallet, the design philosophy and user experience features
of Keystone, the versions and evolution of Keystone.

Lixin discusses his transition into crypto and the development of Keystone, from
the early versions of Keystone to their target audience. He even details the
integration of Keystone with MetaMask and other wallet providers. The gents
discuss how the 3 secure elements and security measures in Keystone, including
the device verification and logistics security measures taken by Keystone.

In this conversation, Lixin from Keystone discusses the importance of security
in the crypto space and provides recommendations for new users. They emphasize
the need for self-custody and the use of hardware wallets to protect assets.
Lixin also highlights the significance of security education and the importance
of verifying transactions. They mention resources such as security researchers
on Twitter and Telegram groups for learning about security. The conversation
concludes with a discussion on the evolution of security in different
blockchains and the future features and collaborations of Keystone.

## Takeaways

- Self-custody and hardware wallets are essential for protecting crypto assets.
- Security education is crucial for new users to protect themselves from scams
  and phishing attacks.
- Verifying transactions and learning about the inner workings of different
  blockchains is important for security.
- Collaborations with other wallets and NFT communities can enhance the user
  experience and customization options.

## Find Lixin and Keystone online

- Follow Lixin on twitter - [@BitcoinLixin](https://twitter.com/BitcoinLixin)
- Follow Keystone on twitter - [@KeystoneWallet](https://x.com/KeystoneWallet)
- Checkout the website - [keyst.one](https://keyst.one/)
