---
date: "June 04, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/70011e9d
image: ep54-vibhu-and-drip.jpg
title: "DRiP and the Creator Economy on Solana"
longTitle: "DRiP and the Creator Economy on Solana (feat. Vibhu, founder)"
description:
  "Vibhu discusses Drip's progress, highlighting accessibility, monetization. He
  critiques traditional content models, emphasizes fair monetization, and
  previews the new Drip mobile app for a seamless user experience."
tags: creator economy
duration: 56m 33s
---

A conversation with [Vibhu](https://x.com/vibhu), the founder of DRiP.haus, one
of the most popular consumer apps in all of crypto (being focused on the
creators).

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

In this conversation, Vibhu Norby, the founder of Drip, discusses the latest
updates and developments with the platform. He talks about the expansion to
cross-chain creators and the challenges of sourcing and curating creators. He
also shares insights into conversations with non-blockchain creators and the
magic of Drip's economic model.

Vibhu discusses the potential for improving the internet around digital content
by leveraging micro-transactions and digital ownership. He explains how the
current subscription model and traditional content platforms have created
inefficiencies and asymmetrical value accrual. Vibhu also highlights the
importance of introducing ads in a less annoying way and the potential for fair
monetization models. The conversation concludes with a discussion about the
upcoming Drip mobile app and the transition process for existing users.

## Takeaways

- Drip has evolved over the past year, with a focus on accessibility,
  monetization, and cross-chain creators.
- The platform has been resistant to liquidity cycles and has stood out in the
  Solana ecosystem.
- Conversations with non-blockchain creators often revolve around the challenges
  of monetization and the direct-to-consumer model.
- Drip's economic model, with droplet donations and spending, provides a
  frictionless micro-transaction platform for creators. Micro-transactions and
  digital ownership can improve the internet around digital content.
- The current subscription model and traditional content platforms have created
  inefficiencies and asymmetrical value accrual.
- Introducing ads in a less annoying way can provide fair monetization models
  for creators and benefit users. Drip may experiment with this in the future.
- The upcoming Drip mobile app will provide a better user experience and
  seamless integration with wallets.

## Find Vibhu and Drip online

- Follow Vibhu on twitter - [@Vibhu](https://twitter.com/Vibhu)
- Follow Drip on twitter - [@drip_haus](https://twitter.com/drip_haus)
- Checkout Drip the website - [drip.haus](https://drip.haus)
