---
date: "June 11, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/af98bcec
image: ep55-sphere-and-arnold.jpg
title: "Fastest blockchain payments on Solana with Sphere Pay"
longTitle:
  "Fastest blockchain payments on Solana with Sphere Pay (feat. Arnold,
  co-founder)"
description:
  "Sphere aims to simplify payments across the board: crypto, credit cards, and
  banking. Using blockchain of course."
tags: payments, banking
duration: 58m 11s
---

A conversation with [Arnold](https://x.com/0xdirichlet), the co-founder of
Sphere (a payments and banking platform on Solana).

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

Arnold shares his background and early experiences with crypto, including his
journey to building Sphere on the Solana blockchain. He discusses the benefits
of blockchain and the pragmatic approach to decentralization. Arnold also
emphasizes the importance of understanding history in the context of blockchain.
Finally, he explains the pain points that Sphere Payments aims to address.

In this conversation, Arnold discusses the benefits of using Sphere to simplify
crypto payments and integrations. He highlights the challenges of creating an
SPL transfer wrapper contract and emphasizes the ease of using Sphere for
accepting crypto payments, especially from international customers. Arnold also
explains that Sphere is a suitable solution for businesses that want to handle
their finances in a crypto-based world. He mentions the ability to accept
payments in fiat and have them land in USDC, as well as the future goal of
automating payout processes. Arnold advises listeners to learn from history and
consider unconventional approaches to problem-solving. The conversation
concludes with plans for future discussions and appreciation for the insights
shared.

## Takeaways

- Blockchain offers the potential for decentralized solutions, but it is
  important to take a pragmatic approach and consider the existing systems and
  their benefits.
- Understanding history is crucial in the context of blockchain, as it helps us
  recognize the challenges and opportunities that arise from the current
  financial and regulatory systems.
- Sphere Payments aims to address pain points in the correspondent banking
  system, such as high fees, slow transactions, and lack of transparency.
- By leveraging blockchain technology, Sphere Payments provides a more
  accessible and efficient way to transfer value, particularly for remittances
  and cross-border transactions. Sphere provides an easy and efficient solution
  for accepting crypto payments and simplifying integrations.
- The target customers for Sphere are businesses that want to handle their
  finances in a crypto-based world.
- Sphere allows for accepting payments in fiat and converting them to USDC.
- Automating financial processes and exploring unconventional approaches can
  lead to more efficient solutions.
- Future conversations with Arnold are anticipated to delve deeper into
  historical and philosophical aspects of crypto.

## Find Arnold and Sphere online

- Follow Arnold on twitter - [@0xdirichlet](https://twitter.com/0xdirichlet)
- Follow Sphere on twitter - [@sphere_labs](https://twitter.com/sphere_labs)
- Checkout the Sphere website - [spherepay.co](https://spherepay.co/)
