---
date: "June 18, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/650d3df4
image: ep56-vito-and-all-art.jpg
title:
  "Digital Object Tokens x Coca-Cola on Solana (feat. Vito, founder All Art)"
longTitle:
  "Digital Object Tokens x Coca-Cola on Solana (feat. Vito, founder All Art)"
description:
  "Vito, founder of All Art, discusses how they are putting digital certificates
  on-chain for Coca-Cola and how the world see crypto."
tags: art
duration: 58m 52s
---

A conversation with [Vito](https://x.com/vjevremovic), the founder of All Art.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

Vito, co-founder of All Art, shares his journey into the crypto and virtual
reality space. He discusses the challenges of payments in virtual reality and
the need for instant and low-cost transactions. Vito explains how his team
experimented with the Stellar blockchain and the development of their NFT
platform. He also highlights the negative perception of NFTs and the impact of
media coverage. Vito concludes by discussing the partnership with Coca-Cola and
the different approaches of marketing and innovation teams within large
companies.

Vito discusses the implementation of blockchain technology within Coca-Cola and
the tokenization of various assets. He emphasizes the importance of
understanding the problems that clients or partners face and tailoring the
technology to solve those specific issues. Vito introduces the concept of
Digital Object Tokens (DOT) and the need for standardized metadata to accurately
represent real-world assets on the blockchain. He also highlights the challenges
of user experience and the importance of collaboration with brands, regulators,
and governments to drive adoption and solve key problems in the blockchain
space.

## Takeaways

- The integration of crypto and virtual reality has the potential to
  revolutionize payments and transactions in virtual environments.
- The NFT space has faced challenges with scams and rug pulls, leading to a
  negative perception among the general public.
- Development in the blockchain space requires time and coordination among
  different departments within large companies.
- Partnerships with established brands like Coca-Cola can help bring blockchain
  technology to a wider audience and drive innovation. Understanding the
  problems faced by clients or partners is crucial when introducing blockchain
  technology.
- Digital Object Tokens (DOT) and standardized metadata can accurately represent
  real-world assets on the blockchain.
- User experience and collaboration with brands, regulators, and governments are
  essential for driving adoption and solving key problems in the blockchain
  space.
- The future of blockchain lies in the verification and certification of
  digitally produced content and assets.

## Find Vito and All Art online

- Follow Vito on twitter - [@vjevremovic](https://twitter.com/vjevremovic)
- Checkout the All Art website - [All.art](https://all.art/)
