---
date: "June 24, 2024 01:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/82a08fe2
image: ep57-futarchy-and-metadao.jpg
title: "Exploring Futarchy: Governance by Markets with MetaDAO's Proph3t"
longTitle: "Exploring Futarchy: Governance by Markets with MetaDAO's Founder"
description:
  "Futarchy is a market-based governance model, and its application in MetaDAO,
  a decentralized organization of autonomous startups."
tags: dao, futarchy,
duration: 1h 03m 52s
---

A conversation with [Proph3t](https://x.com/metaproph3t), the creator founder of
MetaDAO.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

In this conversation, James and Proph3t discuss futarchy and its application in
governance. They explore the concept of futarchy, which is governance by
markets, where decisions are made based on market predictions of the impact on a
reference asset's price. Proph3t shares his journey of discovering futarchy and
his motivation to implement it in MetaDAO. They discuss the vision for MetaDAO,
which aims to create a decentralized organization that operates as an
amalgamation of autonomous startups leveraging common assets. They also touch on
the process of raising proposals and the accountability mechanisms in MetaDAO.

The conversation highlights the efficiency of market-based decision-making and
the empirical evidence supporting its effectiveness. The conversation explores
the concept of futarchy as a new form of governance and decision-making.
Futarchy combines elements of democracy and market mechanisms to make decisions
based on financial incentives. It introduces the idea of trading votes and using
conditional markets to determine the outcome of proposals. The conversation also
touches on the challenges of voting manipulation and the potential benefits of
futarchy in combating this issue. The guests encourage listeners to participate
in futarchy and contribute to this experiment in governance.

## Takeaways

- Futarchy is governance by markets, where decisions are made based on market
  predictions of the impact on a reference asset's price.
- MetaDAO aims to create a decentralized organization that operates as an
  amalgamation of autonomous startups leveraging common assets.
- In MetaDAO, proposals are raised and voted on through market trading, aligning
  personal incentives with the proposal's expected outcome.
- Market-based decision-making has been shown to be more efficient than
  alternative methods in various contexts.
- MetaDAO is still in its early stages and is working towards improving its
  infrastructure and scalability. Futarchy is a new form of governance that
  combines elements of democracy and market mechanisms.
- It introduces the concept of trading votes and using conditional markets to
  determine the outcome of proposals.
- Futarchy has the potential to combat voting manipulation and incentivize
  participants to make informed decisions.
- Listeners are encouraged to participate in futarchy and contribute to this
  experiment in governance.

## Find Proph3t and MetaDAO online

- Follow Proph3t on twitter - [@metaproph3t](https://x.com/metaproph3t)
- Checkout the MetaDAO website - [MetaDAO.fi](https://metadao.fi/)
