---
date: "Jul 2, 2024 8:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/232c884b
image: ep58-blockchain-developer-education-heavy-duty-builders.jpg
title: "Blockchain Developer Education with Heavy Duty Builders"
longTitle:
  "Blockchain Developer Education (feat. Dan, co-founder Heavy Duty Builders)"
description:
  "Dan from Heavy Duty Builders talks community, education, blockchain's
  potential, and balancing work and life in the Solana ecosystem."
tags: devrel, education
duration: 58m 08s
---

A conversation with [Dan](https://x.com/danm_t), co-founder of Heavy Duty
Builders.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

In this conversation, Dan from Heavy Duty Builders discusses their mission to
create a community for builders to connect, learn, and collaborate. They
primarily focus on organizing online events and workshops, with a special
emphasis on Spanish-speaking participants. Dan shares his experience organizing
bootcamps and the challenges of reviewing and providing feedback on
participants' projects. The conversation highlights the importance of education
and community in the Solana ecosystem, and the efforts made by Solana Foundation
to support developer education.

Dan discusses his transition from being a full-time developer to focusing more
on educational work and strategic roles. He talks about how his company, Heavy
Duty Builders, now hires other developers to do client work and refers people
for contracts. Dan also emphasizes the importance of work-life balance and the
different perspectives people have on work. He highlights the potential of
blockchain technology beyond finance, particularly in improving trust in
government operations. Dan encourages developers to think about the problems
that require trust and how blockchain can address them.

## Takeaways

- Heavy Duty Builders is a community for builders to connect, learn, and
  collaborate.
- They organize online events and workshops, with a focus on Spanish-speaking
  participants.
- Their bootcamps are intensive and interactive, with weekly homework, projects,
  and quizzes.
- Reviewing and providing feedback on participants' projects can be
  time-consuming but rewarding.
- Education and community are crucial in the Solana ecosystem, and Solana
  Foundation supports developer education. Dan has transitioned from being a
  full-time developer to focusing more on educational work and strategic roles.
- Heavy Duty Builders now hires other developers to do client work and refers
  people for contracts.
- Dan emphasizes the importance of work-life balance and acknowledges that
  different people have different perspectives on work.
- He highlights the potential of blockchain technology beyond finance,
  particularly in improving trust in government operations.

## Find Dan and Heavy Duty Builders online

- Follow Dan on twitter - [@danm_t](https://x.com/danm_t)
- Follow HeavyDutyBuilders on twitter -
  [@HeavyDutyBuild](https://x.com/HeavyDutyBuild)
- Checkout the Heavy Duty Builder's Spain developer workshop -
  [SolanaSpain.dev](https://solanaspain.dev/)
