---
date: "Jul 15, 2024 2:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/82b82d79
image: ep59-blockchain-gaming-walk-to-earn.jpg
title: "Blockchain gaming with walk-to-earn exploration"
longTitle:
  "Blockchain gaming with walk-to-earn exploration (Genopets co-founder)"
description:
  "Genopets is a mobile game that helps you stay active and incentivizes a
  healthy lifestyle, incorporates play-to-earn mechanics and rewards players for
  a healthier lifestyle."
tags: gaming
duration: 43m 40s
---

A conversation with [Albert Chen](https://x.com/mralbertchen), co-founder of
Genopets.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

Genopets is a mobile game that promotes an active and healthy lifestyle by
incentivizing physical activity. The gameplay involves summoning a pet and
earning energy by tracking steps, which can be used to level up the pet. The
game is evolving with the introduction of the Age of Discovery, where players
can claim sectors of the real world by taking photos, which are then converted
into the Genoverse world. Each sector has its own lore and story, and players
can compete to claim and monetize sectors. The game also incorporates
play-to-earn mechanics, with energy leaderboard competitions and rewards in the
form of governance tokens.

Genopets aims to be viewed as just any gaming app on the app store, offering
in-game currency and a shop to buy items. The game follows Apple and Google's
policies, ensuring that players can access the same experiences and items across
platforms. The mobile app allows players to purchase items on-chain or through
in-app purchases. The crafting system in Genopets uses semi-fungible tokens
(SFTs) and a randomized process. The game also features seasonal items and a
focus on decision-making and fast iteration in the development process.

## Takeaways

- Genopets is a mobile game that encourages physical activity and a healthy
  lifestyle.
- Players earn energy by tracking their steps, which can be used to level up
  their pets.
- The Age of Discovery introduces a new gameplay mode where players can claim
  sectors of the real world by taking photos.
- The game incorporates play-to-earn mechanics, with energy leaderboard
  competitions and rewards in the form of governance tokens.
- Genopets aims to be viewed as just any gaming app on the app store, offering
  in-game currency and a shop to buy items.
- The mobile app allows players to purchase items on-chain or through in-app
  purchases.
- The crafting system in Genopets uses semi-fungible tokens (SFTs) and a
  randomized process.
- The game features seasonal items and a focus on decision-making and fast
  iteration in the development process.

## Find Albert and Genopets online

- Follow Albert on twitter - [@mralbertchen](https://x.com/mralbertchen)
- Follow Genopets on twitter - [@genopets](https://x.com/genopets)
