---
date: "Jul 23, 2024 9:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/60773425
image: ep60-amazing-ai-generated-art-on-blockchain.jpg
title: "Amazing AI Generated Art on Blockchain"
longTitle: "Amazing AI Generated Art on Blockchain (feat. 0xGRAFFITO)"
description:
  "Jackie, aka Graffito, a cybersecurity professional and artist, shares her
  journey from the world of cybersecurity to web3 art, focusing on creating with
  custom AI models she makes."
tags: art, creator, ai
duration: 1h 4m 29s
---

A conversation with [Jackie](https://x.com/0xGRAFFITO), aka 0xGRAFFITO, a Solana
native digital artist creating custom artwork with AI (among other things).

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

Jackie, aka Graffito, a cybersecurity professional and artist, shares her
journey from the world of cybersecurity to web3 art. She started in the hacker
community, exploring the boundaries of technology and pushing the limits. After
working in cybersecurity and consulting for large companies, she felt a
disconnect between her work and her desire to create meaningful and valuable
contributions. This led her to explore art and storytelling, using her technical
knowledge to create AI-generated videos and digital art. She finds satisfaction
in pushing boundaries and creating work that leaves people wondering how it was
made.

We also discuss Jackies creative process and the tools they use to create
AI-generated artwork. They emphasize the importance of starting with basic tools
and gradually learning and experimenting with new techniques. Graffito also
highlights the value of receiving feedback and encouragement from the community,
which motivates them to continue creating. They discuss the potential of AI in
the art world and how it can revolutionize the creative process. The
conversation concludes with a discussion about camping and the possibility of
organizing an event in Puerto Rico.

## Takeaways

- Graffito's journey from cybersecurity to web3 art showcases her desire to push
  boundaries and create meaningful work.
- Her technical knowledge and experience in cybersecurity have been valuable in
  creating AI-generated videos and digital art.
- She finds satisfaction in the creative process and the ability to leave people
  wondering how her art was made.
- Graffito's transition from the corporate world to the world of art reflects
  her desire to make valuable and relevant contributions. Start with basic tools
  and gradually learn and experiment with new techniques
- Feedback and encouragement from the community can be a powerful motivator
- AI has the potential to revolutionize the creative process in the art world
- The capabilities of AI in art are still in their infancy, but they are rapidly
  evolving Consider organizing an event in Puerto Rico

## Find Jackie (aka 0xGRAFFITO)

- Follow Jackie on twitter - [@0xGRAFFITO](https://x.com/0xGRAFFITO)
- Follow 0xGRAFFITO on Drip -
  [drip.haus/0xgraffito](https://drip.haus/0xgraffito)
