---
date: "Jul 30, 2024 1:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/7556c769
image: ep61-solana-actions-and-blinks.jpg
title: "Solana Actions and blinks - Share blockchain anywhere"
longTitle:
  "Solana Actions and blinks - Share blockchain anywhere (feat. Chris, founder
  Dialect)"
description:
  "Solana Actions and blinks enable sharing transaction through regular URLs.
  Learn about development, browser limits, future enhancements, and mobile
  integration prospects with Dialect's founder"
tags: blinks, actions
duration: 55m 52s
---

A conversation with [Chris](https://x.com/aliquotchris), founder of Dialect,
about Solana actions and blinks.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

The conversation revolves around the introduction of Actions and Blinks, a
technology platform and protocol developed by Dialect and Solana Foundation.
Actions and Blinks allow users to share Solana anywhere on the internet by
unfurling URLs and providing interactive experiences. The idea originated from
the concept of smart messages and transaction requests in Solana Pay. The launch
of Actions and Blinks was a collaborative effort between Dialect, Solana
Foundation, and various wallets.

The discoverability and accessibility of Blinks are limited to specific browsers
with wallet extensions installed. However, there are plans to make Blinks more
widely available and user-friendly. The conversation explores the challenges and
potential of Blinks and Solana Actions in revolutionizing the internet. The
guests discuss the uphill battle of creating an open ecosystem in the current
environment of mega companies and intentional blockades.

Chris and Nick highlight the power of Blinks in bringing value transfer and
interaction to users without leaving the app. The technical nature of Blinks and
Solana Actions is explained, emphasizing the backend REST API of Actions and the
frontend UI of Blinks. The guests also mention the future possibilities of
mobile integration and the importance of developer feedback and collaboration.

## Takeaways

- Actions and Blinks allow users to share Solana anywhere on the internet by
  unfurling URLs and providing interactive experiences.
- The idea of Actions and Blinks originated from the concept of smart messages
  and transaction requests in Solana Pay.
- The launch of Actions and Blinks was a collaborative effort between Dialect,
  Solana Foundation, and various wallets.
- Currently, the discoverability and accessibility of Blinks are limited to
  specific browsers with wallet extensions installed, but there are plans to
  make Blinks more widely available and user-friendly. Creating an open
  ecosystem in the current internet environment is an uphill battle against mega
  companies and intentional blockades.
- Blinks bring value transfer and interaction to users without leaving the app,
  enhancing the user experience and stickiness.
- Blinks and Solana Actions have a backend REST API for transaction construction
  and delivery, and a frontend UI for rendering and user interaction.
- The technical nature of Blinks and Solana Actions allows for easy development
  and customization, making it accessible for developers.
- Mobile integration and native mobile implementations of Blinks are the next
  steps in the evolution of the technology.

## Find Chris and Dialect online

- Follow Chris on twitter - [@aliquotchris](https://x.com/aliquotchris)
- Follow Dialect on twitter - [@SayDialect](https://x.com/SayDialect)
- Dialect's website - [dialect.to](https://dialect.to)
