---
date: "Aug 5, 2024 1:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/a491f5f7
image: ep62-magicblock-blockchain-games-ephemeral-rollups.jpg
title: "How Ephemeral Rollups Will Change Blockchain Gaming"
longTitle:
  "How Ephemeral Rollups Will Change Blockchain Gaming with MagicBlock (feat.
  Andrea, co-founder)"
description:
  "MagicBlock is revolutionizing on-chain gaming with Solana's high-speed
  blockchain, their Ephemeral Rollups, and the Bolt framework. The future of
  on-chain games have never looked so good!"
tags: games, validator
duration: 55m 52s
---

A conversation with [Andrea](https://x.com/supermarioblock), co-founder of
MagicBlock.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

Magic Block is a high-performance engine for fully on-chain games and
applications. It aims to make it easy for developers to build entirely on-chain
games and leverage the unique features that blockchain offers. The engine uses a
hybrid approach between a roll-up and something that runs on Layer 1 to minimize
latency and preserve composability. Fully on-chain games are games whose source
of truth derives entirely from a blockchain, where state and logic run on-chain.
These games offer permissionless composability and become autonomous worlds.

Magic Block provides a solution for faster and more scalable on-chain gaming
experiences. Magic Block is building a solution called Ephemeral Rollups on
Solana that allows for fully on-chain games with high scalability and
composability. Ephemeral Rollups are a combination of Solana's high-speed
blockchain and a separate execution environment that runs custom operations on
specific accounts. This allows for the passage of time and other game mechanics
without the need to pay for every state update.

Magic Block is also developing the Bolt framework, an entity component system
built on top of Anchor, to simplify game development on Solana. The goal is to
create a future where everything runs on-chain while preserving composability
and a single ecosystem for users, developers, and operators.

## Takeaways

- MagicBlock is a high-performance engine for fully on-chain games and
  applications.
- It aims to make it easy for developers to build entirely on-chain games and
  leverage the unique features that blockchain offers.
- Fully on-chain games have their source of truth entirely on the blockchain,
  offering permissionless composability and becoming autonomous worlds.
- Magic Block uses a hybrid approach between a roll-up and something that runs
  on Layer 1 to minimize latency and preserve composability. Magic Block is
  building Ephemeral Rollups on Solana, which enable fully on-chain games with
  high scalability and composability.
- Ephemeral Rollups combine Solana's high-speed blockchain with a separate
  execution environment that runs custom operations on specific accounts.
- The Bolt framework, built on top of Anchor, simplifies game development on
  Solana by abstracting away low-level complexity.
- The goal is to create a future where everything runs on-chain while preserving
  composability and a single ecosystem for users, developers, and operators.

## Find Andrea and MagicBlock online

- Follow Andrea on twitter - [@supermarioblock](https://x.com/supermarioblock)
- Follow MagicBlock on twitter - [@MagicBlock](https://x.com/MagicBlock)
- MagicBlock's website - [MagicBlock.gg](https://MagicBlock.gg)
