---
date: "Aug 22, 2024 1:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/6d95cf83
image: ep63-solana-startup-accelerator-colosseum-solana-hackathons.jpg
title: "Colosseum's Venture Fund: Investing in Solana Startups"
longTitle:
  "Colosseum's Venture Fund: Investing in Solana Startups and Building a
  Co-Founder Matching Platform"
description:
  "Colosseum fuels Solana innovation with hackathons and their web3 startup
  accelerator. $250K for startups, mentorship, and a $60M fund. Next hackathon
  begins September 2nd—be part of the future!"
tags: hackathons, accelerators
duration: 51m 57s
---

A conversation with [Matty](https://x.com/mattytay), co-founder of Colosseum,
the premier Solana ecosystem accelerator and hackathons.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

Colosseum recently wrapped up its first accelerator program, which followed its
online hackathon. The accelerator program is a six-week online program that
helps teams push towards a mainnet release and provides support in technical and
non-technical areas. Colosseum also recently closed a $60 million venture fund
and invests $250,000 in each startup that goes through its accelerator program.
The teams in the accelerator program have received feedback on various aspects,
including legal and entity structure, team composition, and early customer
communication. Colosseum aims to evaluate teams based on their ability to ship
quickly and efficiently.

Colosseum is focused on supporting the Solana ecosystem by providing funding,
mentorship, and resources to early-stage projects. They run hackathons to
identify talented teams and provide them with pre-seed funding and support. The
accelerator program helps teams refine their ideas and secure additional
funding. Colosseum also plays a role in educating and convincing later-stage
funds to invest in the Solana ecosystem. They are working on building a
co-founder matching platform to help teams find the right partners. The next
hackathon is scheduled for September 2nd to October 8th.

## Takeaways

- Colosseum combines online hackathons and accelerator programs to support
  Solana ecosystem startups.
- The accelerator program helps teams push towards a mainnet release and
  provides support in technical and non-technical areas.
- Colosseum invests $250,000 in each startup that goes through its accelerator
  program.
- Teams in the accelerator program receive feedback on legal and entity
  structure, team composition, and early customer communication.
- Colosseum evaluates teams based on their ability to ship quickly and
  efficiently. Colosseum provides funding, mentorship, and resources to
  early-stage projects in the Solana ecosystem.
- They run hackathons to identify talented teams and provide them with pre-seed
  funding and support.
- The accelerator program helps teams refine their ideas and secure additional
  funding.
- Colosseum plays a role in educating and convincing later-stage funds to invest
  in the Solana ecosystem.
- They are working on building a co-founder matching platform to help teams find
  the right partners.
- The next hackathon is scheduled for September 2nd to October 8th.

## Find Matty and Colosseum online

- Follow Matty on twitter - [@mattytay](https://x.com/mattytay)
- Follow Colosseum on twitter - [@ColosseumOrg](https://x.com/ColosseumOrg)
- Colosseum's website - [Colosseum.org](https://Colosseum.org)
