---
date: "Oct 22, 2024 1:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/00479d19
image: ep64-decentralized-storage-with-shadow-drive.jpg
title:
  "Decentralized Cloud Storage on the Solana Network: Introducing Shadow Drive
  V2"
longTitle:
  "Decentralized Cloud Storage on the Solana Network: Introducing Shadow Drive
  V2"
description:
  "GenesysGo's Shadow Drive offers decentralized storage on Solana, focusing on
  speed, security, and revenue sharing for network operators."
tags: shdw, storage, DePiN
duration: 52m 05s
---

A conversation with [Frank](https://x.com/Frank_theTrader), co-founder of
GenesysGo and Shadow Drive, a decentralized storage platform on the Solana
blockchain.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

GenesysGo is a blockchain infrastructure project that is building the
decentralized storage platform called Shadow Drive. The platform aims to provide
speed, stability, security, and ease of use comparable to centralized web and
cloud platforms. GenesysGo started as a validator on the Solana network and
attracted a strong amount of stake. They then expanded to provide RPC network
support and became the largest provider of RPC services on Solana. The team saw
the opportunity to address the storage challenges faced by validators and built
Shadow Drive to store Solana's ledger history. The platform has grown to have an
average of 130,000 daily active users. Decentralized storage offers cost savings
in terms of bandwidth costs compared to centralized storage providers.

Shadow Drive achieves this by leveraging the collective power of the network,
using people's home networks or mobile networks to process and store data. The
platform also aims to decentralize revenues and distribute them to the operators
of the network.

Shadow Drive V2 is designed to be more resource-efficient and capable of running
on mobile phones. The network is built around data itself, allowing for blocks
of arbitrary sizes and a leaderless structure. The platform aims to decentralize
revenues by directly passing user fees to network operators, eliminating the
need for a centralized entity. Shadow Drive V2 leverages Solana as a base layer
for identity, payment, and other functionalities, while focusing on its core
mission of providing decentralized storage. The network operates on a consensus
algorithm that allows for censorship resistance and decision-making by the
network consensus.

## Takeaways

- GenesysGo is building the decentralized storage platform called Shadow Drive,
  which aims to provide speed, stability, security, and ease of use comparable
  to centralized web and cloud platforms.
- The team started as a validator on the Solana network and attracted a strong
  amount of stake. They then expanded to provide RPC network support and became
  the largest provider of RPC services on Solana.
- Shadow Drive addresses the storage challenges faced by validators by storing
  Solana's ledger history. The platform has grown to have an average of 130,000
  daily active users.
- Decentralized storage offers cost savings in terms of bandwidth costs compared
  to centralized storage providers. Shadow Drive achieves this by leveraging the
  collective power of the network.
- The platform aims to decentralize revenues and distribute them to the
  operators of the network, providing a disruptive and cost-effective
  alternative to traditional storage providers. Shadow Drive V2 is a
  decentralized cloud storage platform built on the Solana network.
- The platform is designed to be resource-efficient and capable of running on
  mobile phones.
- It operates on a consensus algorithm that allows for censorship resistance and
  decision-making by the network consensus.
- Shadow Drive V2 leverages Solana as a base layer for identity, payment, and
  other functionalities.
- The platform aims to decentralize revenues by directly passing user fees to
  network operators.

## Find Frank online

- Follow Matty on twitter - [@Frank_theTrader](https://x.com/Frank_theTrader)
- Follow GenesysGo on twitter - [@GenesysGo](https://x.com/GenesysGo)
- shdwdrive's website - [shdwdrive.com](https://www.shdwdrive.com/)
