---
date: "Nov 26, 2024 1:00 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/1e27858b
image: ep67-solana-mobile-development-with-drip-engineer.jpg
title: "Solana's Mobile Future w/ Andrew, Mobile Engineer"
longTitle: "Solana's Mobile Future w/ Andrew, DRiP.haus Mobile Engineer"
description:
  "Mobile dev chat: Focus on DRiP app & Solana mobile, discussing cross-platform
  tools, security, UX & community. Key: protect secrets & prioritize
  performance."
tags: mobile, drip
duration: 55m 50s
---

A conversation with Andrew (aka [@creativedrewy](https://x.com/creativedrewy)),
leading Mobile at DRiP.haus.

PS: We are happy to announce the launch of our Solfate Drip channel where you
can collect Solfate Podcast episodes as digital collectibles! Subscribe to our
Drip channel today: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate) (we have some
fun experiments planned)

## Summary

This conversation explores various aspects of mobile development, particularly
in the context of the Drip app and Solana's mobile initiatives. The speakers
discuss the differences between web and mobile app development, the importance
of user experience, and the challenges faced in the blockchain space. They also
touch on the need for effective communication and community engagement in the
mobile development ecosystem.

The conversation delves into the evolving landscape of web and mobile
development, discussing the challenges and advantages of cross-platform
frameworks like React Native and Flutter. They explore the benefits of Kotlin
Compose for mobile app development, emphasizing the importance of performance
and user experience. The discussion also highlights valuable resources for
aspiring mobile developers and the significance of community feedback in
improving applications.

## Takeaways

- Solana is the only place where mobile is a part of the conversation.
- You have to build an API to protect your secrets.
- Mobile apps are client side apps so developers should not trust the
  environment. Do not put secrets in your mobile apps.
- You can co-sign transactions and have them executed on the backend.
- DRiP is a mobile company, even if they don't realize it.
- You need to be way more active on Twitter. Web development skills are
  increasingly relevant for mobile developers.
- React Native is convenient but has performance limitations.
- Kotlin Compose offer a promising alternative for mobile development.
- Understanding UX differences is crucial in cross-platform development.
- Community feedback is essential for app improvement.
- Prototyping in mobile apps can help clarify ideas for product development.
- Performance is a key factor in user satisfaction with mobile apps.
- Developers should focus on building compelling features to retain users.
- Engaging with developer communities can provide valuable support and
  resources.

## Find Andre and DRiP online

- Follow Andre on twitter - [@creativedrewy](https://x.com/creativedrewy)
- Follow @drip_haus on twitter - [@drip_haus](https://x.com/drip_haus)
