---
date: "Jan 15, 2025 3:30 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/efbfc454
image: ep68-decentralizing-social-media-with-DSCVR-CEO.jpg
title: "Decentralizing Social Media w/ DSCVR CEO"
longTitle: "Behind DSCVR: Building a Decentralized Social Network for the Web3 Era w/ Rick Porter, CEO"
description:
  "Rick Porter, CEO of DSCVR, discusses building a decentralized Web3 social network, 
  transitioning from Ethereum to Solana, and creating value through monetization and 
  ownership. Explores feed algorithms, infrastructure costs, and the vision of data as 
  a utility."
tags: social media, decentralization
duration: 57m 52s
---

A conversation with Rick Porter (aka [@rckprtr](https://x.com/rckprtr)), CEO @DSCVR

Collect our episodes as NFTs on DRiP, we have some fun experiments planned: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate)

## Summary

In this conversation, Rick Porter, CEO and co-founder of DSCVR (pronounced Discover), discusses the evolution of his platform, a Web3 social network aimed at unlocking monetization, distribution, and ownership for users. He shares his background in crypto, the transition from previous projects to DSCVR, and the technical architecture that supports the platform. The discussion also delves into the complexities of the feed engine and user engagement strategies, highlighting the challenges and innovations in building a decentralized social network.

Rick Porter discusses the infrastructure and cost efficiency of data analytics on Solana vs Ethereum, the value of blockchain in social media, and the importance of transparency and accessibility for creators. He explores the philosophical implications of treating data as a utility and presents DSCVR as a new social platform for Web3 users. The discussion concludes with insights for builders in the ecosystem, emphasizing the importance of experimentation and self-belief.

## Takeaways

- DSCVR aims to unlock monetization, distribution, and ownership for users.
- Blockchain provides decentralization and verifiability for social media. 
- DSCVR 's initial concept was to create a Reddit-like platform on-chain.
- User engagement is driven by a complex feed engine that customizes content for each user.
- The move to Solana was a significant step for DSCVR's development. Infrastructure costs for data analytics can be managed effectively.
- Rust offers significant cost savings compared to TypeScript systems.
- Transparency in social media empowers creators and users alike.
- Data should be accessible to everyone, akin to a utility.
- DSCVR offers a unique social experience for Web3 users.
- Building in the ecosystem requires experimentation and resilience.
- Don't underestimate your capabilities as a builder.

## Find Rick and DSCVR online

- Follow Rick on twitter - [@rckprtr](https://x.com/rckprtr)
- Follow DSCVR on twitter - [@dscvr1](https://x.com/dscvr1)
