---
date: "Jan 24, 2025 3:30 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/85061005
image: ep69-building-an-investment-dao-in-Star-Atlas.jpg
title: "Building an Investment DAO in StarAtlas and buying a $5m space ship"
longTitle: "Building an Investment DAO in StarAtlas and buying a $5m space ship w/ Craig, Founder of SuperPhoenixDAO"
description:
  "Craig Mahoney, Founder of SuperPhoenixDAO, discusses building an investment DAO to buy a $5m space ship and build a social hub in Star Atlas."
tags: social media, decentralization, blockchain gaming, NFTs, DAOs
duration: 59m 38s
---

A conversation with Craig Mahoney (aka [@Njord614](https://x.com/Njord614)), Founder of [@SuperPhoenixDAO](https://x.com/SuperPhoenixDAO)

Collect our episodes as NFTs on DRiP, we have some fun experiments planned: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate)

## Summary

In this episode, we welcome Craig on the podcast to discuss the innovative concept of SuperPhoenixDAO, a project centered around acquiring and tokenizing in-game assets within the Star Atlas universe. They explore the economic implications of such investments, the social dynamics of gaming, and the potential for community engagement through decentralized governance. The discussion also touches on the development timeline of Star Atlas and the exciting possibilities of cross-game integration within the Solana ecosystem.

We discuss the role of SuperPhoenixDAO in connecting various ecosystems within the Web3 space, emphasizing the importance of creating unique user experiences. Our guest shares insights on current initiatives, future plans, and the challenges of fundraising in both Web2 and Web3 environments. The discussion highlights the symbiotic relationships between different projects and the maturation of the blockchain space, focusing on long-term investments and community engagement.

## Takeaways

- SuperPhoenixDAO aims to build a social hub in Star Atlas.
- Tokenizing in-game assets can democratize ownership.
- Investing in virtual venues can yield real-world returns.
- The gaming economy is evolving with Web3 technologies.
- Community engagement is crucial for game development.
- Cross-game integration can enhance player experiences.
- The future of gaming lies in decentralized ecosystems. Creating a functional bond between different NFT communities is essential.
- SuperPhoenixDAO aims to be the connective tissue between isolated ecosystems.
- The focus on experiential design sets SuperPhoenixDAO apart from traditional blockchain projects.
- The upcoming token launch is a significant milestone for SuperPhoenixDAO.
- Gaming is a key area for onboarding new users to the crypto space.
- Long-term investments in Web3 projects are becoming more common.
- The mutually beneficial relationship between SuperPhoenixDAO and Star Atlas.

## Find Craig and SuperPhoenixDAO online

- Follow Craig on twitter - [@Njord614](https://x.com/Njord614)
- Follow SuperPhoenixDAO on twitter - [@SuperPhoenixDAO](https://x.com/SuperPhoenixDAO)
