---
date: "Feb 11, 2025 2:30 EST"
transistorUrl: https://share.transistor.fm/e/4d2dba4c
image: ep70-how-lulo-is-making-defi-stupidly-simple.jpg
title: "How Lulo is Making DeFi Stupidly Simple, w/ Daniel, co-founder and CEO @Lulo"
longTitle: "How Lulo is Making DeFi Stupidly Simple, w/ Daniel, co-founder and CEO @Lulo"
description:
  "In this episode, we welcome Daniel, co-founder and CEO of Lulo, to discuss the birth and rise of Lulo, a platform that simplifies DeFi for the masses."
tags: DeFi, decentralization, stablecoins,lending, insurance
duration: 55m 41s
---

A conversation with Daniel (aka [@nicechute](https://x.com/nicechute)), co-founder and CEO of [@Lulo](https://x.com/uselulo)

Collect our episodes as NFTs on DRiP, we have some fun experiments planned: [drip.haus/solfate](https://drip.haus/solfate)

## Summary

In this episode, we welcome Daniel on the podcast, co-founder and CEO of Lulo, to discuss the birth and evolution of Lulo, a DeFi platform that simplifies the lending process. We explore the challenges faced in the DeFi space, the pivot from their original product to FlexLend, and the importance of user experience. The discussion also covers upcoming features, including a native app and an insurance product aimed at mitigating smart contract risks, ultimately positioning Lulo as a competitive player in the personal finance space.

We talk about the innovative features of Lulo, a DeFi platform designed to enhance user experience and safety in digital asset management. The discussion covers the importance of risk management in DeFi, the introduction of an insurance-like product to protect users' deposits, and the vision for Lulo as a comprehensive financial tool that simplifies crypto investments. We also discuss regulatory challenges and the future of Lulo as a leading crypto app, highlighting the platform's potential to attract a broader audience to DeFi.

## Takeaways

- DeFi is perceived as hard to use, which hinders adoption.
- The original idea for Lulo was an order book for lending.
- The pivot to FlexLend was driven by user needs for simplicity. 
- Lulo's model allows for diversified risk management similar to traditional insurance.
- The future of Lulo includes features like debit cards and fiat onboarding.
- Lulo seeks to create a risk-free standard in the DeFi space.
- A simple UI can significantly enhance user experience.
- Launching a product early allows for easier iteration and feedback.
- Marketing strategies should align with product complexity.
- Lulo aims to compete with traditional finance apps like Robinhood.
- Safety is the number one concern for users in DeFi.
- The new insurance product helps manage risks associated with underlying protocols.
- Users will choose their risk level instead of specific apps in the new UX.
- Lulo aims to be the go-to crypto app for personal finance.
- The platform's efficiency improves as more DeFi pools are integrated.

## Find Daniel and Lulo online

- Follow Daniel on twitter - [@nicechute](https://x.com/nicechute)
- Follow Lulo on twitter - [@uselulo](https://x.com/uselulo)
